Docs/ext_docs.md, before:

# Extended documentation

Below, you will find in depth documentation on the many extensive features of CARLA.

## Advanced concepts
 
[__Recorder__](adv_recorder.md) — Register the events in a simulation and play it again.  
[__Rendering options__](adv_rendering_options.md) — From quality settings to no-render or off-screen modes.  
[__Synchrony and time-step__](adv_synchrony_timestep.md) — Client-server communication and simulation time.  
[__Benchmarking Performance__](adv_benchmarking.md) — Perform benchmarking using our prepared script.  
[__CARLA Agents__](adv_agents.md) — Agents scripts allow single vehicles to roam the map or drive to a set destination.  

## Traffic Simulation

[__Traffic Simulation Overview__](ts_traffic_simulation_overview.md) — An overview of the different options available to populate your scenes with traffic.  
[__Traffic Manager__](adv_traffic_manager.md) — Simulate urban traffic by setting vehicles to autopilot mode.  

## References

[__Recorder binary file format__](ref_recorder_binary_file_format.md) — Detailed explanation of the recorder file format.  
[__Sensors reference__](ref_sensors.md) — Everything about sensors and the data they retrieve.

Commit message:

added post-process preset docs

Docs/ext_docs.md, after:

# Extended documentation

Below, you will find in depth documentation on the many extensive features of CARLA.

## Advanced concepts
 
[__Recorder__](adv_recorder.md) — Register the events in a simulation and play it again.  
[__Rendering options__](adv_rendering_options.md) — From quality settings to no-render or off-screen modes.  
[__Synchrony and time-step__](adv_synchrony_timestep.md) — Client-server communication and simulation time.  
[__Benchmarking Performance__](adv_benchmarking.md) — Perform benchmarking using our prepared script.  
[__CARLA Agents__](adv_agents.md) — Agents scripts allow single vehicles to roam the map or drive to a set destination.

## Unreal Editor

[__Camera postprocess presets__](camera_postprocess_presets.md) — Save and load preset post-process profiles

## Traffic Simulation

[__Traffic Simulation Overview__](ts_traffic_simulation_overview.md) — An overview of the different options available to populate your scenes with traffic.  
[__Traffic Manager__](adv_traffic_manager.md) — Simulate urban traffic by setting vehicles to autopilot mode.  

## References

[__Recorder binary file format__](ref_recorder_binary_file_format.md) — Detailed explanation of the recorder file format.  
[__Sensors reference__](ref_sensors.md) — Everything about sensors and the data they retrieve.
